Added amicitia1 and amicitia2, dungeons level 200 (#7336)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/quests/quests_dungeons_200.txt

			mes "This is a high-security job, so I only want to ask the hero a favor.";
			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";
			mes "I didn't want to go through the mouths of as many people as possible, so the Rebellion units were excluded from this job.";
			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";
			mes "Nothing else, but to find <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Traces of Werner</FONT> on the 1st floor of the abandoned lab Amicitia.";
			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";
			mes "What part of Amicitia was managed by Werner, what kind of experiments he conducted, etc...";
			mes "If anything has had an impact on the Institute, please come to me.";
			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";
			mes "Documents, files, data! anything is fine.";
			mes "Would you like to come with me?";
			next;
			if (select( "I will go", "I will not go" ) == 2) {
				mes "[Ansuriya]";
				mes "That's right. It's also annoying...";
				next;
				mes "[Ansuriya]";
				mes "I would appreciate it if you could keep this request a secret.";
				close;
			}
			mes "[Ansuriya]";
			mes "Okay. It won't be easy to find... any traces, so please come to just one.";
			mes "Then, I would like to thank you.";
			setquest 16535;
			close;
		case 1:
			mes "[Ansuriya]";

> 			mes "It won't be easy to find... any traces, so please come to just one.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "It won't be easy to find... Any traces, so please come back to me with just one.";
```

			mes "Then, I would like to thank you.";
			close;
		case 2:
			mes "[Ansuriya]";
			mes "Did you find any traces?";
			mes "You've come to the right place. This note is in Werner's handwriting.";
			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";
			mes "Thank you. We will hand this over to the secret wing agents for investigation.";
			mes "Then you should be rewarded for your hard work.";
			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";

> 			mes "Thank you for coming back tomorrow and working with us.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Thank you for coming back tomorrow and working with me.";
```

> 			mes "Because you can't just leave this to anyone.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Because I can't just leave this to anyone.";
```

			erasequest 16535;
			erasequest 16545;
			setquest 16534;
			getexp 17000000,12000000;
			close;
		}
		end;
	case 4:
		mes "[Ansuriya]";
		mes "Hmm? Have you changed your mind?";
		next;
		mes "[Ansuriya]";

> 		mes "Well, then! we have to re-organize! Ugh.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Well, then! We have to re-organize! Ugh.";
```

	questinfo( QTYPE_DAILYQUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "checkquest(16530,PLAYTIME) == 2" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_DAILYQUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "checkquest(16532,PLAYTIME) == 2" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_DAILYQUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "checkquest(16534,PLAYTIME) == 2" );

	questinfo( QTYPE_DAILYQUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "BaseLevel >= 215 && (checkquest(16531,HUNTING) == -1 && checkquest(16530,PLAYTIME) == -1)" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_DAILYQUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "BaseLevel >= 215 && (checkquest(16533,HUNTING) == -1 && checkquest(16532,PLAYTIME) == -1)" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_DAILYQUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "BaseLevel >= 215 && (isbegin_quest(16535) == 0 && checkquest(16534,PLAYTIME) == -1)" );
	end;
}

amicitia1,57,242,3	script	Something#ami1	4_GC109,{
	if (isbegin_quest(16535) == 1) {
		mes "[Something]";
		mes "There is something on the floor. Shall we take a closer look?";
		next;
		mes "[Something]";
		mes "Research memo in neat handwriting. Werner's handwriting is exactly like this.";
		next;
		mes "[Something]";
		mes "Let's take it and check it out.";
		setquest 16545;
		completequest 16535;
		close2;
		initnpctimer;
		disablenpc();
		end;
	}
	mes "[Something]";
	mes "Something is off the floor.";

> 	mes "!it looks like it's just garbage.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "It looks like it's just garbage.";
```

	close;

OnTimer300000:	// unknown timer
	stopnpctimer;
	enablenpc();
	end;
}
amicitia1,152,159,3	duplicate(Something#ami1)	Something#ami2	4_GC109
amicitia1,262,139,3	duplicate(Something#ami1)	Something#ami3	4_GC109
amicitia1,36,106,3	duplicate(Something#ami1)	Something#ami4	4_GC109
amicitia1,244,49,3	duplicate(Something#ami1)	Something#ami5	4_GC109

// amicitia2
pub_cat,89,32,3	script	Gerbena#ami	4_M_REBELLION2,{
	if (BaseLevel < 230) {
		mes "[Gerbena]";

> 		mes "Wow, " + strcharinfo(0) + "! Can you sign?";

Reviewer: Same comment as above:
"Can you sign" sounds like "Can I get an autograph?" or maybe some "object" (which shall be signed) is missing in the sentence.

		mes "It's an honor! Hehe~";
		next;
		mes " - This is a quest that can be performed at level 230 or higher - ";
		close;
	}
	mes "[Gerbena]";

> 	mes "Hero, there was a homunculus intensive culture room on the second floor of the lab Amicitia.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "Hero, there was a homunculus intensive culture room on the second floor of the Amicitia lab.";
```

	mes "They were creating more powerful mutated chimeras.";
	next;
	mes "[Gerbena]";

> 	mes "It's pitiful, but if you're released from the lab, you'll do more damage than you can imagine.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "It's pitiful, but if they are released from the lab, they will do more damage than you can imagine.";
```

	mes "Can you help me clean up these chimeras?";
	next;

> 	switch( select("Imitation and real", "Natural change", "Doesn't help" ) ) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	switch( select("Imitation and Real", "Natural change", "Don't help" ) ) {
```

	case 1:
		switch( checkquest(16536,PLAYTIME) ) {
		case -1:
			break;
		case 0:
		case 1:
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Have you already been there today? If so, how about taking a break?";
			mes "If you overwork your body, you may not do well.";
			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Come back after dawn and work with us!";
			close;
		case 2:
			erasequest 16536;
			break;
		}
		switch( checkquest(16537,HUNTING) ) {
		case -1:
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Some of the work I was doing in the incubator was mass production of mutated chimeras.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Some of the work they were doing in the incubator was mass production of mutated chimeras.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Re-mutated the mutated homunculus, and further strengthened its aggression.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "They re-mutated the mutated homunculus and further strengthened their aggression.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Please hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Mutation Chimera Napeo and Mutant Chimera Galensis</FONT> each.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Please hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Mutant Chimera Napeo and Mutant Chimera Galensis</FONT> each.";
```

			mes "Both are creatures that imitate human form, but add a powerful transformation of the chimera properties to it.";
			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "It's been quite some time since the lab was closed and left unattended.";

> 			mes "A quick hunt would make you feel more comfortable.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "A quick hunt would make me feel more comfortable.";
```

			next;
			if (select( "Help hunting", "Do not hunt" ) == 2) {
				mes "[Gerbena]";
				mes "Ah, you changed your words!";

> 				mes "Gerbena vs. Heartbroken!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "Gerbena is heartbroken!";
```

				next;
				mes "[Gerbena]";
				mes "But it was our one-sided request.";
				mes "Even if you refuse, we can't help it...";
				close;
			}
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "It's an honor to help!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "It's an honor that you help us!";
```

> 			mes "Can I participate with that hero?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Can I participate with you hero?";
```

			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";

> 			mes "I don't like it. You're more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "He doesn't like it. He is more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Ugh! Please take care of me!!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Ugh! Please take care of it for me!!";
```

			setquest 16537;
			close;
		case 0:
		case 1:
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Please hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Mutation Chimera Napeo and Mutant Chimera Galensis</FONT> each.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Please hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Mutant Chimera Napeo and Mutant Chimera Galensis</FONT> each.";
```

			mes "Both are creatures that imitate human form, but add a powerful transformation of the chimera properties to it.";
			close;
		case 2:
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Now the Illusion Forces are deployed and continue their mission.";
			mes "Thanks to the hero, it's easy to enter and subdue the Chimera.";
			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Ugh, I also wanted to see the hero's wonderful battle in person...";

> 			mes "Someday, maybe I'll have a chance to see you?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Maybe someday I'll have a chance to see you?";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "If it's okay with you, why don't you come back tomorrow and work with us?";
			erasequest 16537;
			setquest 16536;
			getexp 37253672,0;	// TODO: jexp
			close;
		}
		end;
	case 2:
		switch( checkquest(16538,PLAYTIME) ) {
		case -1:
			break;
		case 0:
		case 1:
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Have you already been there today? If so, how about taking a break?";
			mes "If you overwork your body, you may not do well.";
			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Come back after dawn and work with us!";
			close;
		case 2:
			erasequest 16538;
			break;
		}
		switch( checkquest(16539,HUNTING) ) {
		case -1:
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Among the homuncules in the intensive culture chamber, there are Mutant Chimera Lavaeter and Mutant Chimera Fulgor.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Among the homunculus in the intensive culture chamber, there are Mutant Chimera Lavaeter and Mutant Chimera Fulgor.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "It looks similar to the existing Homunculus Dieter and Homunculus Bayeri, but they are very different.";

> 			mes "It is different from a homunculus in that it reproduces by judging by itself without an owner.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "It is different from a homunculus in that it reproduces itself and it decides without an owner.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "You can't rescue or do anything. All, every single one of them is to be killed.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "You can't rescue them or do anything. All, every single one of them has to be killed.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "So, hero, would you like to help us hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>mutated Chimera Lavaeter and Mutant Chimera Fulgor</FONT> each?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "So, hero, would you like to help us hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Mutant Chimera Lavaeter and Mutant Chimera Fulgor</FONT> each?";
```

			next;
			if (select( "Help hunting", "Do not hunt" ) == 2) {
				mes "[Gerbena]";
				mes "Ah, you changed your words!";

> 				mes "Gerbena vs. Heartbroken!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "Gerbena is heartbroken!";
```

				next;
				mes "[Gerbena]";
				mes "But it was our one-sided request.";
				mes "Even if you refuse, we can't help it...";
				close;
			}
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "It's an honor to help!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "It's an honor that you help us!";
```

> 			mes "Can I participate with that hero?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Can I participate with you hero?";
```

			next;
			mes "[Ansuriya]";

> 			mes "He said he didn't like it. You're more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "He said he doesn't like it. He is more comfortable doing it alone, calm down, Gerbena.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Ugh! Please take care of me!!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Ugh! Please take care of it for me!!";
```

			setquest 16539;
			close;
		case 0:
		case 1:
			mes "[Gerbena]";

> 			mes "Hero, can you hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>mutated chimera Lavaeter and mutated chimera Fulgor</FONT> each?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Hero, can you hunt 15 <FONT COLOR = 0000CD>Mutant Chimera Lavaeter and Mutant Chimera Fulgor</FONT> each?";
```

> 			mes "You can't rescue or do anything. All, every single one of them is to be killed.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "You can't rescue them or do anything. All, every single one of them has to be killed.";
```

			close;
		case 2:
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Yes! Mission completed, confirmed. Now, Illusion troops are in!";

> 			mes "Thanks to you, you will be able to easily enter and subdue the Chimera.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Thanks to you, they will be able to easily enter and subdue the Chimera.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "Ugh, I also wanted to see the hero's beautiful battle in person...";

> 			mes "Someday, maybe I'll have a chance to see you?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Maybe someday I'll have a chance to see you?";
```

			next;
			mes "[Gerbena]";
			mes "If it's okay with you, why don't you come back tomorrow and work with us?";
			erasequest 16539;
			setquest 16538;
			getexp 37325968,0;	// TODO: jexp
			close;
		}
		end;
	case 3:
		mes "[Gerbena]";
		mes "Ah, you changed your words!";

> 		mes "Gerbena vs. Heartbroken!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Gerbena is heartbroken!";
```
